Update documentation for the release v0.6.2 (#440)
kubermatic/kubeone: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

# [v0.6.2](https://github.com/kubermatic/kubeone/releases/tag/v0.6.2) - 2019-05-13

## Changed

> * Add a missing JSON tag on the `Name` field, so specifying `name` in lowercase in the manifest works as expected ([#439](https://github.com/kubermatic/kubeone/pull/439))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix missing JSON tag on the `Name` field, so specifying `name` in lowercase in the manifest works as expected ([#439](https://github.com/kubermatic/kubeone/pull/439))
```
